fix(curriculum): external strand sort link in cip (#46323)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/sorting-algorithms-strand-sort.md

# --description--

> To **Strand sort** an `unsortedArray` with value `[3, 1, 4, 2]`. Pick the first element `[3]` and compare if there is a bigger element following it. When you find this element, in this case `4` you pick it `[3, 4]` and compare the next elements to the number `4`.
> 
> After you have picked what you can and reached the end of the array, you remove the elements you picked `[3, 4]`, and pick the first element again from the `unsortedArray` in this case `[1]`.
> 
> After you had compared the following elements and picked the suitable elements, you will have two sorted arrays `[3, 4]` and `[1, 2]`, merge them to have `strandSortedArray`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Strand sort** creates sorted subsets that are merged to create the final result. 

Consider an `unsortedArray = [3, 1, 4, 2]`. Pick the first element `3` and copy it into a separate array. Search for any bigger element following this element. When you find the a larger element, in this case `4`, copy it to the separate array, `[3, 4]`, and compare the following elements to this new value, `4`.

After you have reached the end of the array, remove the elements you copied, `[3, 4]`, and start again with the first element remaining in the `unsortedArray`, in this case `1`.

Following this process results in two sorted arrays, `[3, 4]` and `[1, 2]`. Merge these two arrays to create the `strandSortedArray`.
```
